Adds 'Python Scripts' documentation on using responses from services. (#29151)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/python_script.markdown

    rgb_color: [255, 0, 0]
```

> Services can also respond with data. Retrieving this data in your Python script can be done by setting the 'blocking' and 'return_response' arguments of the 'hass.services.call' function to 'True'. This is shown in the example below, in this case retrieving the weather forecast and putting it into a variable:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Services can also respond with data. Retrieving this data in your Python script can be done by setting the `blocking` and `return_response` arguments of the `hass.services.call` function to `True`. This is shown in the example below, in this case, retrieving the weather forecast and putting it into a variable:
```

> Introduced in Home Assistant [2023.7](/blog/2023/07/05/release-20237/), services can respond with data. Retrieving this data in your Python script can be done by setting the 'blocking' and 'return_response' arguments of the 'hass.services.call' function to 'True'. This is shown in the example below, in this case retrieving the weather forecast and putting it into a variable:

Reviewer: This is documentation, not a changelog. Let's remove the mention of when it was introduced and the release notes link.

Author: Thanks for the feedback, I've removed the mention.
